c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\KiNoNI.exe
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\KiNoNI.pdb
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\KiNoNI_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\KiNoNI.g.resources
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\KiNoNI.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.read.1.tlog
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\GenerateResource.write.1.tlog
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\KiNoNI.exe
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\obj\x86\Debug\KiNoNI.pdb
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.Visual.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.Core.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.HandTracking.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\OpenNI.Net.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\XnVNITE.net.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.KinectSDK.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.Visual.pdb
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.Core.pdb
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.HandTracking.pdb
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNI\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.KinectSDK.pdb
C:\Users\Cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNi\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.WPFSamples.exe
C:\Users\Cruxio\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\KiNoNi\KiNoNI\bin\Debug\CCT.NUI.WPFSamples.pdb
