c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\SensorChooser.g.cs
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\KinoControlLib.pdb
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Kinect.xml
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Samples.Kinect.WpfViewers.pdb
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\SensorChooser.baml
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib.g.resources
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib.dll
c:\users\cruxio\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib.pdb
c:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\ColorViewer.g.cs
c:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\GeneratedInternalTypeHelper.g.cs
c:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoControlLib_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\ColorViewer.baml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\KinoControlLib.dll
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.dll
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\Coding4Fun.Kinect.Wpf.pdb
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.dll
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Expression.Drawing.xml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\Resources.baml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoHoverButton.baml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoHoverButton.g.cs
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\SimpleHoverButton.baml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\SimpleHoverButton.g.cs
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoMouse.baml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\KinoMouse.g.cs
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\KinoBasicLib.dll
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\bin\Debug\KinoBasicLib.pdb
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\CustomCursor.baml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\CustomCursor.g.cs
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\640x480ColorStream.baml
C:\Users\Cruxio\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\KinoControlLib\KinoControlLib\obj\Debug\640x480ColorStream.g.cs
